Javascript Basics - Arrays (#113)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/javascript-basics/Arrays/Properties.md

---
title: "Properties"
date: 2020-07-28T11:45:38-07:00
draft: false
weight: 4
---

> Here is a list of the properties of the Array object along with their description.

Reviewer: Define what a property is.

weight: 4
---

> Array properties or characteristics are a way to describe the attributes of the array. Example: total no of elements, value at a particular index etc...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Array properties or characteristics are a way to describe the attributes of the array. Examples include: the total number of elements, the value at a particular index, etc...
```
